# CS330SNHU
Computer Graphics Programming
1. How do I approach designing software?
   The way I approach designing software is by following what is asked of me closely and a lot of trial and error. During the design process, I will constantly run edit and rerun my program hundreds of times until I feel like its perfect. My design skills this project has helped me craft have been learning how to make a 3D scene using OpenGL and how color and lighting affects how a scene can look. The design process I followed for my project work was mainly trial and error with a lot of searching and tutorial reading on google to learn OpenGL. In my future work, I will always remember how much work I had to put into this class in order to make a fantastic 3D scene and this will apply to everything I do. Basically, what you put in is what you get out. 
2. How do I approach developing programs?
   Some development strategies I used while working on my 3D scene was allocating the first portion of each day to learning OpenGL and just grinding this class out. The more time I put into this class and programming, the better I got at it which I guess you can say is iteration at work. My approach to developing code throughout the milestones never really changed I just made sure to put a ton of time into it and follow the rubric because otherwise I would fall behind. Falling behind in a class like this can easily just ruin the entire quarter and make one fail the class.
3. How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
   My goal is to write code for a living and develop software that is enjoyed by millions and that makes a difference in this world. Computer graphics and visualizations taught me about OpenGL which is widely used in CGI and in video games which is something I could see myself doing in the future. CS330 at SNHU was probably the hardest class I have ever taken and after completing this class, I now can take anything thats thrown at me.
